Review radhika (#126)
worldbank/d4di: chapters/planning-data-work.tex

When it comes to collaboration software,\sidenote{\url{https://dimewiki.worldbank.org/wiki/Collaboration_Tools}}
the two most common softwares in use are Dropbox and GitHub.\sidenote{
\url{https://michaelstepner.com/blog/git-vs-dropbox/}}

> GitHub has the following features that are amazing for efficient workflow:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
GitHub has the following features that are useful for efficient workflows:
```

> - The issues tab is a great tool for task management.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The Issues tab is a great tool for task management.
```
